---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to add an existing
  application record of an other part to a selected part from the
  Applications Suggestions list within Web UI.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Adding Applications from Suggestions
====================================

PRODOC note: BOND PRODOC- 1817

Users can add an existing application record of another part to a
selected part from the Application Suggestions list within Web UI. When
the Part Application Editor and the Application Suggestions components
are configured and a part is selected, STEP displays the existing
application records and also suggests the potential application records
via configurations within the configured Node Editor component.

When any potential application records are displayed in the Application
Suggestions list, selecting an application record from the suggestion
list will activate and display the **Add** button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/43.png){.img_intext})
at the component tool bar. Clicking the **Add** button will add the
selected application record(s) to the Part Application Editor list.

Clicking the **Remove** button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
will remove the suggested application record from the Application
Suggestions list. For more information, see the **Removing Application
Suggestions** ([here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}) topic within
this section.

In the example below, part \'VC36115\' is selected within the Web UI
Tree, and the \'Application Suggestions\' tab is configured to display
results for \'Existing Applications\' and \'Suggested Applications.\'
Within the Suggested Applications list, four application records display
along.

![](../../Resources/Images/Application%20Suggestions/4.png)

With an application record (2013 Chevrolet Orlando) selected, clicking
the **Add**
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/43.png){.img_intext})
button available at the toolbar of the suggestions list will add the
\'2013 Chevrolet Orlando\' application record to the Existing
Applications list (as shown below).

![](../../Resources/Images/Application%20Suggestions/5.png)

Once the application record is added to the selected part and now
displays within the Part Application Editor table, the same application
record will no longer display within the Application Suggestions list.
