---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to remove an
  application record from the suggestion list for a selected part within
  Web UI.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Removing Application from Suggestions List
==========================================

PRODOC note: BOND PRODOC- 1817

Users can remove the suggested application record from the suggested
list for a selected part within Web UI. When the Application Suggestions
component is configured and an application record is selected within the
suggested application list, a **Remove** button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
displays at the component tool bar. Clicking the **Remove** button will
remove the suggested application record from the Suggested Applications
list, and therefore, the application record will no longer display
within the list.

In the example below, part \'VC36115\' is selected within the Web UI
Tree, and the \'Application Suggestions\' tab is configured to display
results for \'Existing Applications\' and \'Suggested Applications.\'
Within the results, in the \'Suggested Applications\' list, four
application records are displayed. An application record \'2013
Chevrolet Orlando\' is selected which activates and displays **Remove**
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
button thereby allowing users to remove an application record for the
selected part.

![](../../Resources/Images/Application%20Suggestions/4.png)

In the example, after removing the application record \'2013 Chevrolet
Orlando\' from part \'VC36115\' the Suggested Applications list displays
as shown below.

![](../../Resources/Images/Application%20Suggestions/6.png)

If the application record is removed from the Suggested Applications
list, then the unlinked application record will no longer display within
the Suggested Applications list.
