---
description: 'Automotive Solution: provides information on how to use
  Search Boxes.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Using Search Boxes
==================

Though each search box contains its own typeahead field, and each
typeahead field displays data specific to that search box, the behavior
of the field is similar, and common keyboard shortcuts are compatible.
Functionality specific to each search box is addressed in subsequent
sections of this guide. This section addresses the following
functionality that is consistent across the Application Manager search
boxes:

-   Searching for Criteria
-   Selecting Valid Criteria
-   Removing Criteria

Searching for Criteria
----------------------

The cursor is activated for each search box either by clicking within
the box itself or within the typeahead field at the bottom of the box.
Text typed into the field is used to filter and then display only valid
criteria within a dropdown list. Typing an asterisk (\*) displays any
available criteria for selection in the dropdown. Typing additional text
allows for a wildcard search to occur against the available criteria. If
the display of a dropdown list is delayed, a blue and gray circle will
display within the typeahead field indicating the request is in progress
(as shown below).

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/Waiting%20Indicator%20Blue%20Circle.png)

PRODOC note: MEDU RDCUST-2286 Once the dropdown list for a search box
displays, if the list of options is too long to display within the
screen, then a scroll bar will display to the right of the list. The
scroll feature on a mouse and/or the Up and Down arrows on a keyboard
can be used to navigate up and down the dropdown list.

Selecting Valid Criteria
------------------------

Once one or more desired criteria are highlighted, pressing the Enter
key on the keyboard (or using the mouse to select) will add the
highlighted criteria to the search box. Each selected criterion will
display as a tile within the search box. In the example below, seven
Toyota model criterion tiles have been added to the Make/Model search
box.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/MakeModel%20Search%20box%20tiles.png)

PRODOC note: MEDU RDCUST-2767 Once a criterion is selected to display
within a search box, it will no longer display within the dropdown for
selection. This allows users to focus on valid options they have not yet
selected.

The Tab key on the keyboard can be used to move the cursor from left to
right across different search boxes, and through each criterion listed
within the search boxes. Holding the keyboard Shift key down while
pressing the Tab key will move the cursor from right to left. When a
criterion within a search box is selected, it will display with an
underline below the \'X,\' and the Enter key on the keyboard can be used
to remove the criterion. In the example below, the Toyota criterion tile
is displayed unselected on the left, and selected on the right.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/Unselected.png)

When multiple options are available for selection within an Options
search box, the Tab key will move the cursor to the Options dropdown,
and the down and up arrow keys can be used to change the selected
option.

Selecting Multiple Criteria

Within a dropdown list, multiple criteria (either as a group or
scattered throughout the list) can be selected and added to a search
box. Holding down the Shift key on a keyboard will enable the selection
of multiple criteria. While holding down the Shift key, the mouse
pointer can be used to click on a criterion listed at the top and/or
bottom of a group of desired criteria, next the mouse pointer can be
used to click on a criterion listed at the bottom and/or top of that
group, resulting in the group of selected criteria being highlighted.
Optionally, a keyboard can be used to highlight a collective group by
holding down the Shift key, and using the arrow up and down keys to
highlight a group of criteria. Once the group is highlighted, pressing
the Enter key on the keyboard will add the selected criteria as tiles
within the search box.

In the example below, after a list of valid criteria options displayed
are within the dropdown list, the down arrow key was used to highlight
the Audi A4 option, the Shift key was held down, and the down arrow key
was used to highlight the two additional Audi model options.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/MultiSelect%20Group.png)

To select multiple criteria that are not grouped next to each other in
the dropdown, hold down the Ctrl key on the keyboard, and use the mouse
to click on the desired criterion. Once the desired criteria are
highlighted, pressing the Enter key on the keyboard will add the
selected criteria to the search box.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/MultiSelect%20Scatter.png)

Optionally, when a group of criteria are highlighted, but one or more
criteria within the list should not be selected, holding down the Ctrl
key on the key board, and then using the mouse to click the undesired
criterion will remove the highlight. In the example below, a large group
of BMW xDrive Models have been highlighted for selection, and then those
with \'Gran Coupe\' have been deselected.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/MultiSelect%20Scatter%20deselect.png)

Removing Criteria
-----------------

Criterion can be individually removed from a search box, or the Clear
All link can be used to remove all selected criteria. To remove a
criterion from a search box using the mouse, click the \'X\' at the
right of a criterion tile. Optionally when the Tab key on the keyboard
is used to select a criterion, pressing the Enter key on the keyboard
will remove the criterion.

Minimum Search Criteria
-----------------------

Though only one value within one search box is required for the Search
button to be enabled, recommended practice is to provide as much detail
as possible prior to running a search. When broad search criteria is
provided (especially by leaving the Make/Model search box type blank)
results can take much longer than expected to display.

When the use of broad search criteria is necessary, recommended practice
is to use the Application Coverage Report by clicking the Report button
within the Application Manager. For more information about using the
Report button, see the **Application Coverage Report** topic[
here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}.

When users attempt to run a search without populating the Make/Model
search box, a dialog will display warning that the search may be time
consuming, and reminding them of the Report button option. Below is an
example of the warning dialog.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/Warn1.png)
