---
description: 'CMDM Solution Enablement: This topic involves the
  background and larger implementation of SAP with the CMDM solution.'
title: SAP Organizational Data Structure
---

SAP Organizational Data Structures
==================================

Introduction
------------

When considering a centralized approach to addressing
Business-to-Business (B2B) Customer MDM, the following domains and
industries are applicable:

-   Customer MDM domain for:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) industry
-   Distribution and Manufacturing industry

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Supplier MDM domain for:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) industry
-   Distribution and Manufacturing industry
-   Retail industry

The complexity of the customer master data has three elements:

-   Complexity within the customers' organization
-   Complexity within the CPG company's internal organization -- in SAP
    called the \'Enterprise Structure\'
-   MDM must couple the customer\'s complex organization with the CPG
    company's complex internal organization

SAP has a structure that is closely aligned with the reality of these
organizations and SAP is also likely the ERP of most of these companies.
Therefore, SAP is an important and very useful reference point for
understanding these organizations and processes and well as for
understanding what surrounding systems we must be able to coexist with.

The MDM platform must be able to accommodate the complexities of SAP
data structures and processes with basic capabilities for data modeling,
user privileges, processes, integrations, and usability.

Background
----------

Many companies, e.g., in the CPG industry, manage a wide array of
products, brands, categories, and channels, and serve diverse customer
segments across multiple countries worldwide.

The end consumers of products are either individual consumers or
businesses like hospitals, schools, restaurants, etc.

For CPG companies, the majority of revenue is generated by selling
through a network of retail chains, distributors and master wholesalers.
These parties are who the CPG company considers its customers.

Any CPG company has the following functions as part of the sales side of
their business

-   Sales (including e.g., Promotion Planning)
-   Distribution
-   Accounting and finance

It is common for each of these functions to be managed locally in each
country and, to some extent, in each line of business. This is, in many
cases, a reasonable decentralization of the organization, because of a
need for regional agility in combination with relatively small
optimization gain a centralized organization could have.

An example of this is CleanGoods Manufacturer, a fictitious CPG company,
which specializes in cleaning products and operates across two major
business units:

-   Traditional household cleaning products. In this case the end
    consumer will buy the products in a retail store
-   Clinical products for professionals. In this case the end consumer
    will be hospitals, doctors, physicians, etc.

Business units may sell different and/or the same products and these
products are sold and distributed differently via various sales
organizations and distribution channels. The same customer may buy
products from different product lines.

CleanGoods Manufacturer operates in many countries. Even though
CleanGoods deals with international as well as local companies, it is
common for customers to have separate business units in each country.

For information on the general relationships, constraints, and terms
used, see the **SAP Customer and Enterprise Structure and Definitions**
topic in this documentation[ here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}.
For information on the implementation structures of SAP in STEP, see the
**SAP Customer and Enterprise Structures** topic in this documentation[
here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}.
