---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to use the Hierarchy
  search card within the intelligent search interface of the Search by
  Card Screen.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Using Hierarchy Search Card
===========================

The Hierarchy search card allows users to add parent hierarchy criteria
to their search. The Hierarchy search card lets users search based on
their parent objects in order to narrow down the search. This section
addresses functionality that is specific to the Hierarchy search card.
For more information on the general functionality found within the
search cards, see the **Using Search Cards** topic
([here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}) within this guide.

Within the Hierarchy search card, the typeahead field can be used to
search for parent criteria. The dropdown list will display the criteria
options alphabetically by parent, and then by child. For example, if
\'A4\' is typed into the field, then the dropdown list displays the
Audi, Austin, Checker, and Mercedes-Benz parents alphabetically, and the
children that match the information typed into the field (A4) will be
listed alphabetically below their respective parents (as shown below).

![](../../Resources/Images/Search%20by%20Card%20Screen/15.png)

If the text typed in matches a parent only, then all children below that
parent will be displayed. For example, if \'maz\' is typed into the
field, then the dropdown list will display the Mazda parent with all its
available children listed below.

![](../../Resources/Images/Search%20by%20Card%20Screen/17.png)

If the text typed in matches a child only, then the parent for the
matching child is displayed with only the child that matches the search
string. For example, if \'fox\' is typed into the field, then the
dropdown list will display the Audi and Volkswagen parents with the
\'Fox\' children listed below.

![](../../Resources/Images/Search%20by%20Card%20Screen/18.png)

If the text typed in matches the parent and child, then the matching
parents and/or children will display within the dropdown for selection.
For example, if \'opel\' is typed into the field, then the dropdown list
will display the Buick parent with the Opel child beneath, and then the
Opel parent will display with all of its available children below.

![](../../Resources/Images/Search%20by%20Card%20Screen/19.png)

To search for a parent with a specific child, using the keyboard space
bar, groupings of two or more characters can be typed into the field to
narrow down the search. The keyboard space bar allows for the following
text to conduct a \'contains\' search for parents with specific
children. For example, to display all the Audi models containing
Quattro, the following can be entered into the parent / child field:
\'aud \[space bar\] qua.\'

![](../../Resources/Images/Search%20by%20Card%20Screen/20.png)
