---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to create an
  application within the Application Manager. '
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Creating Applications
=====================

Creating an application for a vehicle can be done within the results
table. However, adding additional applications to a vehicle must be done
within the Application Editor screen. Below are the steps for each.

Creating an application

Once a vehicle is listed within the results table, a user can create an
application by clicking into the Part Number cell, and providing a part
number for the vehicle. In the example below the Part Number cell was
blank, upon double clicking within the cell, the gray borders of the
cell change to blue, indicating it is active and ready to be edited, and
a node selector icon displays.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Creating%20Application.png)

Once the Part Number cell is active, users can type in the necessary
part number. As the Part Number is typed in, the typeahead dropdown will
display a list of potential part number matches. Users can use the down
arrow key to navigate from the field down into the list, and then use
the Enter key to populate the field with the part number. Optionally,
the mouse pointer can be used to click on the valid part number.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Part%20Number%20Entry.png)

Optionally, the node browser icon can be clicked, and the Part Number
Search dialog will display (as shown below).

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Part%20Number%20Dialog.png)

When the Search tab within the Part Number Search dialog is used, a
portion of a part number can be typed in, and the Search button can be
clicked to display a list of part IDs and Names. In the example below,
\'034\' is typed into the search field, and four potential matches are
displayed.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Part%20Number%20Search%20Results.png)

Creating More Than One Application

PRODOC note: MEDU Per 05 May 2018 meeting with NIFE, RAFL and PAKA Once
a part is applicated to a vehicle using the Application Manager,
additional application must be created within the Application Editor
screen. Below are steps to applicate a part for a vehicle that has at
least one application.

Click on an Application Linkage icon and the Application Editor Screen
will display as shown below.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Creating%20Applications%20Application%20Editor%20Screen.png)

Click the Create button, and the Create Application dialog will display,
as shown below.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Create%20Application%20Dialog.png)

Begin typing a part number and a dropdown list will display, as shown
below.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/Create%20Application%20Dialog%20with%20typeahead%20dropdown.png)

Optionally, the Browse icon can be used to display the Select Part
dialog, as shown below.

![](../../../Resources/Images/AppMgr/ResultsTable/1.png)

Use the Browse or Search tabs within the dialog to find the necessary
part number.

Click the OK button, and the selected part will display within the
Create Application dialog.

Click the OK button to close the Create Application Dialog, and the
newly applicated part will display within the Application Editor Screen.

Â 

Once an application is created\....Vehicle and Part Number Linkages
