---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to add an existing
  competitor and/or OE part number reference to a selected part from the
  Part Number Suggestions list within Web UI.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Adding Part Number References from Suggestions
==============================================

PRODOC note: MEDU and BOND PRODOC- 1514

Users can add an existing competitor and/or OE part number reference to
a selected part from the Part Number Suggestions list within Web UI.
When the Part Number References and the Part Number Suggestions
components are configured, and a part is selected, STEP looks at the
configured Reference Types and along with displaying their targets,
attribute values, and/or metadata via configurations, it also suggests
potential part numbers as suggestions within the configured Node Editor
component.

When any OE Number / Competitor Number is displayed in the Part Number
Suggestions list, an add button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/43.png){.img_intext})
displays alongside each OE Number / Competitor Number. Clicking the add
button will add an OE Number / Competitor Number to the Part Number
References list.

Clicking the remove button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
will remove the OE Number / Competitor Number reference from the Part
Number References list / Part Number Suggestions list. For more
information, see the **Removing Existing Part Number References**
([here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}) and the **Removing Part
Number Reference Suggestions** topics ([here]{.mcFormatColor
style="color: Blue;"}) within this section.

In the example below, part \'90069\' is selected within the Web UI Tree,
and the \'Competitor Numbers\' tab is configured to display results for
\'Existing Competitor Part Number References\' and \'Competitor Part
Number Suggestions.\' Within the Competitor Part Number Suggestions
list, two Manufacturer part numbers display along with the
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/43.png){.img_intext})
buttons.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/40.png)

Clicking the
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/43.png){.img_intext})
button to the right of the \'FEBIBILSTEIN 19730\' suggestions list will
add the \'FEBIBILSTEIN 19730\' part to the Existing Competitor Part
Number References list (as shown below).

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/41.png)

Once the part number reference to the selected part is created and now
displays within the Part Number References table, the OE Number /
Competitor part number will no longer display within the Part Number
Suggestions list.
