---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to create new
  competitor and/or OE part numbers for existing manufacturers and
  simultaneously reference them to a selected part.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Creating and Referencing New Competitor and OE Part Numbers
===========================================================

PRODOC note: MEDU and BOND PRODOC- 1517

When the Part Number References component is configured, Web UI users
can create new competitor and/or OE part numbers for existing
manufacturers and simultaneously reference them to a selected part.

When a part is selected within the Web UI Tree, STEP looks at the
configured Reference Types and displays their targets, attribute values,
and/or metadata via configurations within the \'Part Number References\'
Node Editor component. Whether or not references are displayed, at a
minimum the blank typeahead field will display, prompting users to
\'Enter a manufacturer name and/or part number.\' This typeahead field
can be used to access the \'Create New Part\' dialog where users can
create a new part number for an existing manufacturer and reference it
to the selected part. This typeahead field can also be used to quickly
select an existing part number to be referenced. For more information,
see the **Adding Part Number References Manually** topic[
here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}.

In the example below, part \'90069\' is selected within the Web UI Tree,
and an \'OE Numbers\' tab is configured to display results for
\'Existing OE Part Number References.\' Within the results, two part
numbers display with different Makes and Manufacturers, along with the
blank typeahead field that prompts users to \'Enter a manufacturer name
and/or part number.\'

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/30.jpg)

Though a new part number can be created using the Create New Part
dialog, a new manufacturer name cannot be created.

When the manufacturer name exists in STEP, but the part number does not,
users can type at least two letters of the beginning of an existing
manufacturer name, and the dropdown list will display a list of
manufacturers and their part numbers.

In the example below, \'lan\' is typed in and the typeahead suggestion
list displays the matching manufacturer name, part numbers, and a
\'Create new\' button.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/31.jpg)

Clicking on a manufacturer name in the dropdown list, or using the arrow
keys to navigate to the desired manufacturer name and pressing the Enter
key, or clicking the \'Create new\' button will display the Create New
Part dialog with the Manufacturer Name field pre-populated (as shown
below).

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/32.jpg)

Once the Create New Part dialog displays, the Part Number field must be
populated before the OK button will enable.

Optionally, the text within the pre-populated Manufacturer Name field
can be edited. Typing text into this typeahead field will display a list
of existing manufacturer names that begin with the provided text.

Once a part number is typed into the Part Number field and the OK button
is clicked, the new part number is added to STEP and displays at the top
of the references list.

If the Manufacturer name cannot be found, a warning dialog will display,
as shown below.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/warning1.jpg)

PRODOC note: MEDU Email from NIFE. Additionally, if the attribute
configured within the \'Original Number Attribute\' parameter is not
valid for the object type used for the new part number created, a
warning dialog will display (as shown below). For more information, see
the \'Original Number Attribute\' parameter within the **Configuring the
Part Number References Component** topic[ here]{.mcFormatColor
style="color: Blue;"}.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/Warning2.jpg)

If the Part Number References list / Part Number Suggestions list is
configured to display attributes of Competitor / OE Part Number, those
attributes values (PRODOC note: MEDU RDCUST- 2847 whether single valued
or multi- valued) can only be displayed and cannot be edited in the Part
Number References list / Part Number Suggestions list. To edit any
Competitor / OE Part Number attribute value, users should navigate to
the Competitor / OE Part Number using the Web UI tree.

When more than one manufacturer with same manufacturer name exists in
STEP but different IDs, the typeahead field cannnot determine the actual
manufacturer and so does not auto populate. In this case, the system
assumes the value should be created as the new part number. When users
access the \'Create New Part\' dialog, they can choose the desired
manufacturer and type in the correct part number.

For example, let us consider that there are two existing manufacturers
with the name \'Ferrari\' present in STEP. STEP cannot auto populate the
Manufacturer Name field with \'Ferrari.\' However, within the \'Create
New Part\' dialog, users can retype the manufacturer name and select the
correct instance of \'Ferrari.\'

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/38.jpg)

To ensure users are able to easily distinguish the correct manufacturer
name, be sure the manufacturer names within STEPÂ are unique.

PRODOC note: MEDU RDCUST- 3029 Look at example of Ferrari - there are 2
matching MFR names so it will not auto populate!

Normalization / Harmonization of Part Numbers
---------------------------------------------

When the Create New Part dialog is used, part numbers created using
special characters, spaces, and/or non-ASCII characters are normalized /
harmonized to use alphanumeric characters only. The original part number
can be stored (and searched for) within a separate attribute value
configured within the Part Number References \'Original Number
Attribute\' parameter. For more information, see the **Configuring the
Part Number References Component** topic[ here]{.mcFormatColor
style="color: Blue;"}.

In the example below, a new part number \'12ET00@\#12/\*2\' is created
and then normalized / harmonized to \'12ET00122.\' The actual value
\'12ET00@\#12/\*2\' is retained in the attribute \'ATTR\_Original.\'

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/371.jpg)

The original number can sometimes have illegal characters or spaces, the
original value can be stored but a normalized value can also be stored
and displayed along with the original value.

PRODOC note: MEDU RDCUST- 2850 Once a new competitor and/or OE part
number is created, a business action can be executed if configured. The
business action must be valid for the following standards: AutoCare,
TecDoc, and NAPA.
