---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to remove an existing
  competitor and/or OE part number reference from a selected part within
  Web UI.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Removing Existing Part Number References
========================================

PRODOC note: BOND PRODOC- 1515

Users can remove an existing competitor and/or OE part number reference
from a selected part within Web UI. When the Part Number References
component is configured, and a part is selected, a remove button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
displays to the right of each OE Number / Competitor Number. Clicking
the remove
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext}) button
will remove the OE Number / Competitor Number reference from the Part
Number References list, and therefore the number will no longer display
within the list.

In the example below, part \'90069\' is selected within the Web UI Tree,
and an \'OE Numbers\' tab is configured to display results for
\'Existing OE Part Number References.\' Within the results, two Make /
Manufacturer part numbers are displayed along with the remove
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
buttons that allow users to remove the part number reference from the
selected part.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/30.jpg)

Clicking the remove
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
button to the right of the \'Fiat 60815616\' part number removes the
part number reference and the part number no longer displays within the
Existing OE Part Number Reference grid (as shown below).

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/52.jpg)

If an OE Number / Competitor part number is removed from the Part Number
References list, and it previously displayed within the Part Number
Suggestions list, then the unlinked OE Number / Competitor part number
will display within the suggestions list. However, if the removed part
number was not previously displayed within the suggestions list (i.e.,
manually added), then it will not display within the suggestions list.
