---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes how to remove an existing
  competitor and/or OE part number reference suggestion from a selected
  part within Web UI.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Removing Part Number Reference Suggestions
==========================================

PRODOC note: BOND PRODOC- 1516

Users can remove an existing competitor and/or OE part number reference
suggestions from a selected part within Web UI. When the Part Number
Suggestions component is configured, and a part is selected, a remove
button
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
button displays to the right of each OE Number / Competitor Number.
Clicking the remove button will remove the OE Number / Competitor Number
reference from the Part Number Suggestions list, and therefore the
number will no longer display within the list.

In the example below, part \'90069\' is selected within the Web UI Tree,
and the \'Competitor Numbers\' tab is configured to display results for
\'Existing Competitor Part Number References\' and \'Competitor Part
Number Suggestions.\' Within the results, in the \'Competitor Part
Number Suggestions list, two Make / Manufacturer part numbers are
displayed along with the remove
(![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/51.png){.img_intext})
button that allows users to remove a part number reference of a
suggested part number from the selected part.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/40.png)

In the example, after removing the reference of part number \'MAPCO
19370\' from part \'90069\' the Competitor Part Number Suggestions list
displays as shown below.

![](../../Resources/Images/Competitor%20OE%20Number/42.png)

If the Part Number is removed from the Part Number Suggestions list,
then the unlinked OE Number / Competitor part number will no longer
display within the Part Number Suggestions list.
