---
description: 'The product data for a new Product needs to be enriched
  internally by the Retailer before it will be ready to go out for
  downstream systems and be sold. To support this process, the Internal
  Source Record Creation workflow is initiated when a new Golden Record
  and Internal Source Record are created.'
title: '\[%=Heading.Level1%\]'
---

Onboarding Process -- 5 -- The Retailer Adds Sell-Side Specific Data
====================================================================

![](../../../Resources/Images/Solution%20Enablement/PMDM/PMDM%20For%20Retail/RetailerExpert.png)

The product data for a new Product needs to be enriched internally by
the Retailer before it will be ready to go out for downstream systems
and be sold. To support this process, the Internal Source Record
Creation workflow is initiated when a new Golden Record and Internal
Source Record are created.

First, a task is assigned to the Buyer Group to allow a Buyer to enrich
and maintain the Buyer relevant part of the product data.

The Buyer Review task is visible on the homepage, in the "Internal
Record Creation" widget:

![](../../../Resources/Images/Solution%20Enablement/PMDM/PMDM%20For%20Retail/InternalRecord.png)

Only the tasks that are relevant to users will be visible to them.

The **Buyer** can also decide if the product should be sent for further
enrichment by the **Marketing Specialists**, the **Image Specialists**
and/or the **Warehouse Specialists** or if it should be sent directly to
final review by the Quality Assurance Experts. If the Product is sent
for further enrichment by Marketing, Image and/or Warehouse they will be
able to do their enrichment in parallel.

The enrichment tasks are visible on the home page, in the "Internal
Record Creation" workflow widget.

![](../../../Resources/Images/Solution%20Enablement/PMDM/PMDM%20For%20Retail/IRCBuyerReview.png)

Â 

**Alternative**: In smaller organizations, the Enrichment Specialist can
accumulate the work of the Marketing Specialist, the Image Specialist,
the Warehouse Specialist.

![](../../../Resources/Images/Solution%20Enablement/PMDM/PMDM%20For%20Retail/Alternative.png)

This option is visible in the Workflow widget, as the "Enrichment
Review" task.

![](../../../Resources/Images/Solution%20Enablement/PMDM/PMDM%20For%20Retail/IRCBuyerCopy.png)

When all enrichment tasks are done, the Product is assigned to the
Quality Assurance Experts. They have the final saying if all product
data is correct and can be approved. If the Quality Assurance Expert
finds something that needs to be corrected, they have the option to
reject the Product to the Buyer, Marketing, Image, or Warehouse Group
for rework.

![](../../../Resources/Images/Solution%20Enablement/PMDM/PMDM%20For%20Retail/IRCProduct.png)
