---
description: 'Automotive Solution: Describes other considerations when
  configuring a PMDM for Automotive solution.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

12. Other Considerations
========================

As you have seen above, the PMDM for Automotive solution provides a
large amount of ready-to-use functionality. In addition, the solution is
designed to be flexible and extendable via standard STEP configuration
and use of the Extension API. Within the elements of the PMDM for
Automotive solution, it is expected that users will modify and expand on
the base solution to best meet their particular needs. In addition to
the PMDM for Automotive solution, most customers will also want to take
advantage of the core STEP capabilities to accomplish standard data
management activities. Some suggestions for additional topics to be
considered as part of a comprehensive STEP implementation are listed
below, though this should not be considered an all-inclusive list as
each customer will likely have unique business cases to be solved.

-   What is the onboarding and approval process for parts? Should a
    workflow be added for new product onboarding?
-   What is the approval process for reference and supplier data? Will
    reporting capabilities be added via the Extension API so data can be
    reviewed prior to import? Should business rules (and/or additional
    states) be added to the existing import workflows to validate data
    beyond the standard format validations? Should all data be
    considered trusted and auto-approved, and the import files modified
    to approve the data upon import? Should data be entered into a
    workflow for further review and approval following import?
-   Is any unique processing of import files required? Does any data
    need to be filtered out, validated, etc in a non-standard way? If
    so, a new state could be added to the relevant workflow and
    additional processing could be managed within that state using the
    Extension API.
-   Will an \"Own\" model be considered as part of the solution? If so,
    what needs to be added to support that (e.g., data model,
    integrations, workflows, etc)?
-   If an Own model is used, consider adding the Reference Delegation
    screen to an Application Editor screen. For more information, see
    the **Reference Delegation Screen** topic within the **Automotive
    Reference Guide**.
-   What data do users need to view and manage in Web UI? Should
    additional screens be added for onboarding, maintenance, or viewing
    of parts, vehicles, or any other data?
-   How will data deletions be handled? The automotive importers have
    the capability to mark data for deletion, but will not actually
    carry out the deletions as each implementation should determine how
    to review and process deletions. The existing import workflows could
    be modified to carry out deletions rather than marking the data for
    deletion. Alternatively, data marked for deletion could be added to
    a separate workflow for review and execution of the deletion.
