---
description: 'Stibo SDQ Admin Guide: Once the real-time validation theme
  is enabled, users may ensure that a phone, address, and/or email is
  real and accurately entered.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Enable Real-Time Data Validation Theme
======================================

Ensuring quality data requires knowing that the provided data is
actually valid. Through three different channels---address, email, and
phone validations---this theme allows for real-time, instant data
checking.

To validate user data, the following services are used:

-   Phone: https://www.hlrlookup.com
-   Email: https://api.experianmarketingservices.com
-   Address: https://api.everythinglocation.com

When selecting the \'Configure Data Quality\' option, the following
screen displays. This screen can also be reached via the \'Settings\'
option on the left menu pane.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/DataQualityConfig.png)

It should be noted that you may add combinations of these data quality
items. The API keys and passwords should be in the email from
StiboSDQ\@stibosystems.com.

Under the Address settings, the **Default Country** field is a default
country to auto-populate when an end user enters address data as shown
in the **Address Validation** section ([here]{.mcFormatColor
style="color: Blue;"}) of the **Stibo SDQ User Guide**. When no
selection is made, the default country will display as \'United States
of America.\' Users may also select a different country if the default
does not apply to their entered address. Under the phone settings
section, the **Default Country Phone Code** field is a default country
phone code to auto-populate when an end user enters phone data as shown
in the **Phone Validation** ([here]{.mcFormatColor
style="color: Blue;"}) section of the **Stibo SDQ User Guide**. While it
is not required to enter a default country phone code, it is highly
recommended for users to specify one so that the system will have
something to fall back on if the field is not populated.

Once the Real-time Contact Data Validation theme is configured, you will
need to create / modify a user profile, some custom fields, and map the
Salesforce objects to the Stibo Systems objects. Also, some buttons need
to be overridden and some Visualforce pages need to be enabled. To do
these, see the following sections titled **Configure User Profile** for
permissions and to enable Visualforce pages, **Setting up Custom
Fields**, **Overriding Buttons**, and **Configure Mappings between
Salesforce and Stibo SDQ**.

Configuring Real-time Contact Data Validation Mapping between Salesforce and Stibo SDQ
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Data enters Salesforce by way of user entry. For this data to be
validated, however, it needs to connect to Stibo SDQ. To create this
connection, Salesforce data objects need to be mapped to Stibo SDQ data
objects. Each theme will require its own mappings. Each mapping is
configured by selecting \'Mapping\' below the theme header.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/Initial%20Setup/DataQualityMappingHeader.png)

Each mapping will only display when the theme is configured in Settings.

When opening the mapping section, mappings are not preconfigured, so you
must select the \'New Mapping\' button to begin.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewMappings.png)

Select any of the desired options, and follow the email mapping example.
All mappings are configured in the same manner of selecting \'New
Mapping,\' naming it, defining the object type, then mapping the input
and output values.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddEmailMapping-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddEmailMapping.png)

With each mapping, provide a name, object type, and input / output
mappings. The following sections will show the needed API fields to
match. More mappings can be added to each section by selecting the \'New
Mapping\' option at the top right of the screen.

The \'New Mapping\' option at the top of the mapping screen is different
from the \'+ New Mapping\' button at the bottom of the mapping screen.
The \'+ New Mapping\' button will add new fields for mapping where as
the \'New Mapping\' creates a new object that collects all the fields.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewMappingButton.png)

\
The appended \'\_\_c\' indicates that the Salesforce field is a custom
one. Two required custom fields are for validation status and timestamp.
The timestamp field must be a date / time format. See the **Setting Up
Custom Fields** section of this document for information on this
process.\
\
In the following examples, any blue option is a suggestion and may be
deleted. The gray field cannot be replaced or removed.

### Real-time Contact Data Validation - Address Mapping

For addresses, the expected input and output API fields to match to are:

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/InputMappings-Address-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddressValdationMapping.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/OutputMappings-Address-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/OutputMappings-Address.png)

### Real-time Contact Data Validation - Phone Mapping

For phone numbers, the expected input and output API fields to match to
are:

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/PhoneValidationMapping-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/PhoneValidationMapping.png)

### Real-time Contact Data Validation - Email Mapping

For emails, the expected input and output API fields to match to are:

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/EmailMappings-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/emailMappings.png)
