---
description: 'Stibo SDQ Admin Guide: Leveraging the STEP platform, the
  MDM theme allows users to maintain Salesforce data.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Enable Master Data Management Theme
===================================

Master Data Management users may connect to their STEP platform to
manage automatic removal of duplicate accounts and contacts as well as
perform associated data steward functions. To configure the MDM theme,
enter your STEP URL, STEP username, STEP password, and the associated
context that will be used as supplied by Stibo Systems. The **Search
Before Create** section uses the following fields:

-   **Threshold:** Matching threshold. This should be set to 50 or
    higher. The Threshold number should be determined as a part of
    tuning the STEP matching processes.
-   **Maximum Results Count:** 20 is the recommended setting.
-   **Account Matching Algorithm:** This information is supplied by
    Stibo Systems.
-   **Person Account Matching Algorithm:** This field is only displayed
    when the Person Account option is enabled within Salesforce. This
    information is supplied by Stibo Systems.
-   **Contact Matching Algorithm:** This information is supplied by
    Stibo Systems.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/MDM-Settings.png)

Select **Save**, and the MDM theme will be configured. However, unless
remote sites were configured, this error will display:

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/ErrorMessageRemote.png)

Remote Site Settings

Navigate to the Remote Site Settings page by going to Setup \> Security
\> Remote Site Settings. Click the \'New Remote Site\' button.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/RemoteSiteButton.png)

In the Remote Site Edit section, name the site whatever you wish. In the
Remote Site URL, enter the STEP host URL. Afterward, create a second
Remote Site Settings with the Salesforce host URL. Finally, add a third
remote site with the Salesforce host name prefixed with the package
namespace.

STEP Host

In the following example, the Remote Site Name is **Stibo** with the
Remote Site URL as **https://salesint-eudemo.scloud.stibo.com**.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddRemoteSite-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddRemoteSite.png)

Salesforce Host

In the following example, the Remote Site Name is **Self** with the
Remote Site URL as **http://eu9.salesforce.com**.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SalesforceRemoteSiteAccess-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SalesforceRemoteSiteAccess.png)

Salesforce Host Prefixed with Package Namespace

In the following example, the Remote Site Name is **self\_prefix** with
the Remote Site URL as **https://stibo-dq.eu9.visual.force.com/**.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SalesforcePrefixRemoteSite-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SalesforcePrefixRemoteSite.png)

One additional element to the MDM theme is that the **Connection
Status** section contains the Integration Endpoint Status. How this is
configured differs if your Salesforce organization uses Person Accounts
or not. The Stibo Systems contact will provide you the required
information.

Custom Settings

Navigate to the Custom Settings and \'Select Manage.\'

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/CustomSettingManage-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/CustomSettingManage.png)

Select Edit on the Custom Settings management screen.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/CustomSettingsEdit-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/CustomSettingsEdit.png)

The settings edit screen will display. Select the
\'ApplicationModelsMaster\' checkbox, and fill in the
IntegrationEndpointsToTrack field with the information supplied by Stibo
Systems. Select \'Save.\'

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/IntegrationEndpointConfig-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/IntegrationEndpointConfig.png)

Verify

On the MDM theme settings screen, the associated integration endpoints
will be populated at the bottom.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/EndpointActivated.png)

Once the MDM theme is configured, you will need to create / modify a
user profile, some custom fields, and map the Salesforce objects to the
Stibo Systems objects. To do these, see the following sections titled
**Configure User Profile** for permissions and to enable Visualforce
pages, **Setting up Custom Fields**, **Overriding Buttons**, and
**Configure Mappings between Salesforce and Stibo SDQ**.

To finish configuring the MDM theme, a number of setups must be
completed on the STEP side. These extra setup steps include making a
Salesforce System Administrator account and an associated Security token
available. Note that disabling this account or the Security token will
cause the MDM aspect of Stibo SDQ to fail. Contact Stibo Systems to
begin this work.

Configuring MDM Theme Mapping between Salesforce and Stibo SDQ
--------------------------------------------------------------

Data enters Salesforce by way of user entry. For this data to be
validated, however, it needs to connect to Stibo SDQ. To create this
connection, Salesforce data objects need to be mapped to Stibo SDQ data
objects. Each theme will require its own mappings. Each mapping is
configured by selecting \'Mapping\' below the theme header.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/Initial%20Setup/MDMMappingHeader.png)

Each mapping will only display when the theme is configured in Settings.

When opening the mapping section, mappings are not preconfigured, so you
must select the \'New Mapping\' button to begin.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewMappings.png)

Select any of the desired options, and follow the email mapping example.
All mappings are configured in the same manner of selecting \'New
Mapping,\' naming it, defining the object type, then mapping the input
and output values.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddEmailMapping-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddEmailMapping.png)

With each mapping, provide a name, object type, and input / output
mappings. The following sections will show the needed API fields to
match. More mappings can be added to each section by selecting the \'New
Mapping\' option at the top right of the screen.

The \'New Mapping\' option at the top of the mapping screen is different
from the \'+ New Mapping\' button at the bottom of the mapping screen.
The \'+ New Mapping\' button will add new fields for mapping where as
the \'New Mapping\' creates a new object that collects all the fields.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewMappingButton.png)

\
The appended \'\_\_c\' indicates that the Salesforce field is a custom
one. Two required custom fields are for validation status and timestamp.
The timestamp field must be a date / time format. See the **Setting Up
Custom Fields** section of this document for information on this
process.\
\
In the following examples, any blue option is a suggestion and may be
deleted. The gray field cannot be replaced or removed.

### Master Data Management Theme - Search Before Create Mapping

For \'Search Before Create\', the expected input and output API fields
to match are as follows. Included are the account, the contact, and
person account mappings.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AccountSBC_Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AccountSBC.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/ContactSBC_reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/ContactSBC.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/PersonSBC.png)
