---
description: 'Stibo SDQ Admin Guide: In Stibo SDQ, the DnB Enrichment
  theme allows salesforce users to access the Dun and Bradstreet data to
  enhance the data provided to Stibo.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Enable Dun & Bradstreet Theme
=============================

The Dun & Bradstreet Enrichment theme allows Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) to
enrich Salesforce accounts with D&B information. Using your D&B account
information, complete the settings on the Dun & Bradstreet Settings
page. Two fields requiring configuring are the Match Confidence field
and the Exclude field.

**Match Confidence:** Affects the DUNS Lookup action button. By default
this is set to \'10 (Very high)\'. When a user is performing a DUNS
lookup, they can change the Match Confidence setting.

The following Match Confidence options are available:

-   10 (Very high)
-   9 (High)
-   8 (Medium)
-   7 (Moderate)
-   6 (Low)
-   5 (Very Low)
-   4 (Absent)

**Exclude:** Affects the DUNS Lookup action button. By default all of
the options are enabled. When a user is performing a DUNS lookup, they
can change the Exclude settings. For more information, see the **Refine
Lookup Search Page** in the **Stibo SDQ User Guide**.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/Dun&BradstreetSettings-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/Dun&Bradstreet/Dun&BradstreetSettings.png)

Select the **Save** button. The settings will be saved with the service
ready to validate data.

Once the D&B Enrichment theme is configured, you will need to create /
modify a user profile, some custom fields, and map the Salesforce
objects to the Stibo Systems objects. To do these, see the following
sections titled **Configure User Profile**, **Setting up Custom
Fields**, **Button Overrides** to create D&B actions and add them to the
Salesforce pages, and **Configure Mappings between Salesforce and Stibo
SDQ**.

Configuring Dun & Bradstreet Enrichment Theme Mapping between Salesforce and Stibo SDQ
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Data enters Salesforce by way of user entry. For this data to be
validated, however, it needs to connect to Stibo SDQ. To create this
connection, Salesforce data objects need to be mapped to Stibo SDQ data
objects. Each theme will require its own mappings. Each mapping is
configured by selecting \'Mapping\' below the theme header.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/Initial%20Setup/DnBMappingHeader.png)

Each mapping will only display when the theme is configured in Settings.

When opening the mapping section, mappings are not pre-configured, so
you must select the \'New Mapping\' button to begin.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewMappings.png)

Select any of the desired options, and follow the email mapping example.
All mappings are configured in the same manner of selecting \'New
Mapping,\' naming it, defining the object type, then mapping the input
and output values.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddEmailMapping-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddEmailMapping.png)

With each mapping, provide a name, object type, and input / output
mappings. The following sections will show the needed API fields to
match. More mappings can be added to each section by selecting the \'New
Mapping\' option at the top right of the screen.

The \'New Mapping\' option at the top of the mapping screen is different
from the \'+ New Mapping\' button at the bottom of the mapping screen.
The \'+ New Mapping\' button will add new fields for mapping where as
the \'New Mapping\' creates a new object that collects all the fields.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewMappingButton.png)

The appended \'\_\_c\' indicates that the Salesforce field is a custom
one. Two required custom fields are for validation status and timestamp.
The timestamp field must be a date / time format. See the **Setting Up
Custom Fields** section of this document for information on this
process. In the following examples, any blue option is a suggestion and
may be deleted. The gray field cannot be replaced or removed.

### Dun & Bradstreet Enrichment Theme - Lookup Mapping

The output mappings will appear for the user on the DUNS Lookup Survival
Page. For more information, see the **DUNS Lookup Survival Page**
section of the Stibo SDQ User Guide.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/LookupMappings-DnB-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/LookupMappings-DnB.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/LookupOutputMappings-DnB-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/LookupOutputMappings-DnB.png)

### Dun & Bradstreet Enrichment Theme - Enrichment Mapping

The following screenshot shows some 200+ possible options. The DUNS
Number must be present for D&B Enrichment.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/DnBEnrichment-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/DnBEnrichment.png)

### Dun & Bradstreet Enrichment Theme - Contact Sync Mapping

For \'Contact Sync,\' the expected input API fields, which are from the
account, and output API fields, which are from the contact record, to
match to are as follows. The DUNS Number must be present for D&B Contact
Sync.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/ContactSync-DnB-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/ContactSync-DnB.png)
