---
description: 'Stibo SDQ Admin Guide: In order to use Stibo SDQ, a lot of
  fields are needed to be created and mapped. This topic will explain
  that process.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Set Up Custom Fields
====================

The Validation Status and Validation Timestamp are required fields in
the Data Quality output section to create a record to show if a data
object was validated and when this validation was performed. However,
these two fields are not standard Salesforce fields and must first be
created with custom fields. The custom fields may be used in any
mapping. For an idea of the fields that may be needed for mapping, see
the address, email, and phone section of the **Configure Mappings**
section of this guide.

Users are strongly advised against manual modification of those fields\'
values. They are used for making the decision of whether validation
happens or not.

Users should prefix the Status and Timestamp field to be prefixed with
the unique identifier for the field / fields that are being validated in
addition to \'Validation\' and \'Status\' or \'Timestamp,\' depending on
which field you are creating. Status fields should be of type \'Text
Area\' and Timestamp fields should be of type \'Date / Time.\'

The following examples show how Validation Status and Validation
Timestamps work with various objects.

1.  Billing Address fields would look something like this. This should
    be repeated for all address types, such as Mailing, Other, etc.
    where address validation is activated.

-   Validation Status field

Field Label: Billing Address Validation Status

Field Name: Billing\_Address\_Validation\_Status

Field Type: Text Area

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/BillAddressStatus.png)

-   Validation Timestamp field

Field Label: Billing Address Validation Timestamp

Field Name: Billing\_Address\_Validation\_Timestamp

Field Type: Date/Time

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/BillAddressTimestamp.png)

1.  Email

-   Validation Status field

Field Label: Email Validation Status

Field Name: Email\_Validation\_Status

Field Type: Text Area

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/EmaiStatus.png)

-   Validation Timestamp field

Field Label: Email Validation Timestamp

Field Name: Email\_Validation\_Timestamp

Field Type: Date/Time

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/EmailTimestamp.png)

3.  Phone validation would look like this. This should be repeated for
    all phone types, such as Home, Mobile, etc., where address
    validation is activated.

-   Validation Status field

Field Label: Phone Validation Status

Field Name: Phone\_Validation\_Status

Field Type: Text Area

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/PhoneStatus.png)

-   Validation Timestamp field

Field Label: Phone Validation Timestamp

Field Name: Phone\_Validation\_Timestamp

Field Type: Date/Time

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/PhoneTimestamp.png)

If the user wants to map an API field to a custom field, it is required
that this a custom field is of type which can contain text (String)
(e.g., Text, Text Area, Text Area(Long), Text Area(Rich), etc.) because
all of the response field values are returned as String. The max length
of that field may vary based on the length of the result, which this
field may contain. Most fields will work fine with Text Area.

The exception of the API fields list would be the Validation Timestamp
where this is a Date / Time.
