---
description: 'Stibo SDQ Admin Guide: To perform some Stibo SDQ actions,
  new buttons must be configured and mapped to the interface.'
title: '\[%=Heading.AnyLevel%\]'
---

Button Customization Setup
==========================

The following section will detail how to create buttons configured
Salesforce actions. In this guide, those actions are changing how the
Create button works.

Create Override
---------------

Admins must customize the Salesforce \'New\' button. To do that, select
Setup \> Object Manager \> Account or Contact \> Buttons, Links, and
Actions \> New. The Override properties screen will display. Change the
Salesforce Classic Override to SBCAccountSearchForm for the Visualforce
page for Accounts. For Contacts, change the Salesforce Classic Override
to SBCContactSearchForm.

This has to be done for either the New Account or both New Account and
New Contact buttons. Person Accounts use Account\'s New button.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/OverrideProperty.png)

Adding D&B Buttons
------------------

For the D&B Enrichment theme, some D&B buttons must be added to the
details pages.

Navigate to the Object Manager in Setup, and then, navigate to Account
object to add the buttons. In this example, the D&B buttons can be
configured via the Account page (Setup \> Object Manager \> Account \>
Buttons, Links, and Actions).

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddButtons.png)

Select the \'New Button or Link\' option to prompt the \'New Button or
Link\' page.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewButtonorLinkOption.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/NewButtonOrLink-DnBLookup.png)

In the above screenshot, the DUNS Lookup button is created and, once
saved, will need to be added to the Account page. The Contact Sync and
Enrichment buttons will also need to be created. The parameters for
these buttons are:

D&B Lookup Button

Label: **DUNS Lookup**

Name: **DUNS\_Lookup**

Display Type: **Detail Page Button**

Behavior: **Display in existing window without sidebar**

Content Source: **Visualforce Page**

Content: **DnBAccountLookup \[stibo\_dq\_DnBAccountLookup\]**

D&B Enrichment Button

Label: **D&B Enrich**

Name: **DnB\_Enrich**

Display Type: **Detail Page Button**

Behavior: **Display in existing window without sidebar**

Content Source: **Visualforce Page**

Content: **DnBAccountEnrich \[stibo\_dq\_DnBAccountEnrich\]**

D&B Sync Contacts Button

Label: **D&B Sync Contacts**

Name: **DnB\_Sync\_Contacts**

Display Type: **Detail Page Button**

Behavior: **Display in existing window without sidebar**

Content Source: **Visualforce Page**

Content: **DnBSyncContacts \[stibo\_dq\_DnBSyncContacts\]**

After creating each button, they will need to be added to the page
layout. To do that, from the Setup \> Object Manager \> Account page,
select **Page Layouts**.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/Page%20Layouts.png)

On the \'Account Layout\' entry, select the \'Edit\' option.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/EditAccountLayout.png)

To add buttons to the Classic view, in the Account Layout panel, select
the \'Buttons\' option in the field to the left. Then, select the DUNS
Lookup, D&B Enrich, and D&B Sync Contacts buttons from the buttons
field. These buttons are dragged (left-click and hold the desired button
then, while holding left mouse button slide your mouse to the location)
into the \'Custom Buttons\' section of the Account Detail panel.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddtoAccountLayout-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/AddtoAccountLayout.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/CustomButtonsAdded-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/CustomButtonsAdded.png)

To add buttons for Lightning Experience and the Salesforce1 mobile app,
switch to the \'Mobile & Lightning Actions\' option in the left pane.
Drag the DUNS Lookup, D&B Enrich, and D&B Sync Contacts buttons into the
Salesforce Mobile and Lightning Experience Actions box.

If only one view is used, then there is no requirement to add buttons to
the unused view.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/MobileandLightingActions.png)

Once completed, the Salesforce Mobile and Lightning Experience will look
like this:

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SalesforceMobileandLightningButtons-Reduced.png)

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SalesforceMobileandLightningButtons.png)

Select the \'Save\' button above the buttons panel to save the changes.

![](../../../../Resources/Images/CMDM/AdminGuide/SaveLayoutChanges.png)
