---
description: 'Customer MDM Solution: Describes how to configure Matching
  in the initial configuration.'
title: Matching
---

Matching
========

With a proper Matching strategy, organizations can consolidate their
customer data from a variety of source systems and generate singular,
definitive golden records for those individual customers.

Before creating a Matching configuration, it is important to get an
understanding of the client organization\'s data and identify challenges
for which the algorithm must account for. With this knowledge, a clear
match strategy can be defined.

Once a strategy is defined, the Matching Algorithm is typically
configured first, followed by the Match Codes Both should be tailored to
the client organization\'s data. The algorithm should be configured
first to know what data points specific to the client organization will
provide reliable matching. With the data points identified, you can
define what attribute combinations will contribute to the match codes.
For more information on configuring these components, see the
**Configuring Matching Algorithms and Match Codes** section of this
documentation[ here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}.

When the initial configurations are complete, they can be iterated upon
via Match Tuning sessions. The goal of these sessions is to gradually
improve the accuracy of the matches being made until you arrive at your
final Matching configuration. For more information on Match Tuning, see
the **Matching Algorithm Tuning** section of this documentation[
here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"}.

For more information on the Matching process and configuring the
relevant components, see the **Matching, Linking, and Merging**
documentation[ here]{.mcFormatColor style="color: Blue;"
conditions="Primary.Web"}.
